Add REST API documentation (#47)
SUSE/telemetry: doc/api/structs/telemetrydataitem.md

# TelemetryDataItem Data Structure

The TelemetryDataItem data structure consists of the following sections:

* header - contains metadata about the telemetry report

>   * telemetryId - a UUID that differenciates this telemety data item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * telemetryId - a UUID that differentiates this telemetry data item
```

>     from other telemety data items generated by the same client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    from other telemetry data items generated by the same client
```
